W-11570724: OAuth 2.0 docs (Veeva + General) (#2052)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub.adoc

= Configuring OAuth 2.0 for Connectors on CloudHub

> You can deploy your OAuth 2.0 enabled connectors to a cloud service. Learn the required configuration for the OAuth 2.0 setup and how to deploy your connector to CloudHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your OAuth 2.0-enabled connectors to a cloud service. Learn the required configuration for the OAuth 2.0 setup and how to deploy your connector to CloudHub.
```

> You can deploy your OAuth 2.0 enabled connectors to a cloud service. Learn the required configuration for the OAuth 2.0 setup and how to deploy your connector to CloudHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your OAuth 2.0 enabled connectors to a cloud service.
```

> == How to Configure OAuth 2.0 for a Connector on CloudHub

Reviewer: I don't think you need this heading. It is redundant with the H1.

> Configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector on CloudHub is the same as configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector locally, except with CloudHub you are behind an extra server. You must keep in mind the following when configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector on CloudHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector on CloudHub is the same as configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector locally, except with CloudHub, you are behind an extra server. Consider the following when configuring OAuth 2.0 for a connector on CloudHub:
```

Reviewer: "You" are not behind an extra server, the Mule implementation is. The developer can probably verify this.

* Connector Listener
+
** CloudHub manages some xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-manage-props.adoc#cloudhub-reserved-properties[properties] for you automatically, such as `${http.port}` and `${https.port}`. Use these properties when configuring your *HTTP Listener*.
+
image::intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub-img1.png[Http Listener configuration window for CloudHub example]
+

> ** When deployed on the cloud, the `localhost`, `0.0.0.0`, and `127.0.0.1` hosts are no longer publicly reachable. When configuring your OAuth provider, you must replace all links containing these hosts with the actual CloudHub provided public addresses. For CloudHub, this address is in the format `{ch-app-name}.{region}.cloudhub.io`. For example, an HTTP application named `ch-example-app` deployed in the Europe (London) xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc#regional-services[region] has public address of `\http://ch-example-app.uk-e1.cloudhub.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** When deployed on the cloud, the `localhost`, `0.0.0.0`, and `127.0.0.1` hosts are no longer publicly reachable. When configuring your OAuth provider, you must replace all links containing these hosts with the actual CloudHub-provided public addresses. For CloudHub, this address is in the format `{ch-app-name}.{region}.cloudhub.io`. For example, an HTTP application named `ch-example-app` deployed in the Europe (London) xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc#regional-services[region] has public address of `\http://ch-example-app.uk-e1.cloudhub.io`.
```

> * OAuth Provider Setup

Reviewer: Should this say OAuth 2.0 Provider Setup?

Reviewer 2: nope just oauth provider

+

> ** If you set *Callback Path* to `/callback`, your public callback URL is `{ch-app-name}.{region}.cloudhub.io/callback`. This is the callback URL you want to register with your OAuth provider as your redirect URI.

Reviewer: This is the callback URL you want to register with your OAuth provider as your redirect URI.

Awkward - Maybe something like this: This is the callback URL to use as your redirect URI when you configure OAuth.

+
image::intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub-idp-example.png[OKTA Example]
+
This must also be configured in your connector as the *External Callback Url*. You can use the `${fullDomain}` property that CloudHub configures for you to automatically obtain the proper host name.
+
image::intro-config-oauth2-cloudhub-callback-config.png[External Callback Url field configuration window]
+

> NOTE: If you are deploying to multiple regions or have some other gateway configured, you must use the host name of the load balancer or the gateway in your OAuth provider callback URL and in *External Callback Url*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are deploying to multiple regions or have some other gateway configured, use the hostname of the load balancer or the gateway in your OAuth provider callback URL and in *External Callback Url*.
```

+

> In OAuth 2.0 configuration, the user (not the OAuth provider) reaches the callback endpoint from their browser. Ensure your region configuration is correct. If you create your CloudHub app in the US region and your users connect to the app from Europe, the request is blocked by the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OAuth 2.0 configuration, the user (not the OAuth provider) reaches the callback endpoint from their browser. Ensure that your region configuration is correct. If you create your CloudHub app in the US region and your users connect to the app from Europe, the request is blocked by the gateway.
```

== Performing the OAuth Dance

> After OAuth 2.0 configuration is complete, you can deploy your application to CloudHub and initialize the OAuth dance by navigating to your public hostname on your authorization endpoint. For example, with the above configuration, you can navigate to `{ch-app-name}.{region}.cloudhub.io/authorize`. This starts the OAuth dance and prompts you to login with your OAuth provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the OAuth 2.0 configuration, you can deploy your application to CloudHub and initialize the OAuth dance by navigating to your public hostname on your authorization endpoint. For example, with the above configuration, you can navigate to `{ch-app-name}.{region}.cloudhub.io/authorize`. This starts the OAuth dance and prompts you to log in with your OAuth provider.
```

Reviewer: For accessibility reasons, we shouldn't use the word "above." Maybe "previous" would work instead. (Sometimes it is hard to reword things like this.)
